NB for support, subscribe to the mailing list at
<URL:http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/popbsmtp-users>

PLATFORM-SPECIFIC NOTES (up front so you can comfortably ignore the
stuff if it doesn't apply to you:-)

Courier users (folks running this with the Courier SMTP daemon)
  will want to enable the section of the pop-before-smtp-conf.pl file
  that handles the Courier SMTP setup.

Qmail users might want to look in the pop-before-smtp-conf.pl file
  for a section that causes pop-before-smtp to manipulate qmail's
  tcpserver tcprules file.

Debian users should look at contrib/debian/README

Red Hat users who really miss the spiffo highlighted OK at
  startup/shutdown should check out either of the alternate init
  scripts, available in contrib/init-redhat-alex and
  init-redhat-bet. Alex's version tries to use the Red Hat init
  script functions as much as possible, in an effort to be just like
  the other Red Hat init scripts. Bennett's just makes the minimum
  use of them to get the highlighted display, while using the same
  basic logic as the generic init script that has become the
  package default.

popa3d users can find a patch that adds the IP addr to the log
  records in contrib/popa3d/, and a corresponding $pat commented out
  in pop-before-smtp-conf.pl.

Folks interested in running pop-before-smtp as a non-root user
  should check out contrib/README.rootless-install

People more interested in getting it running as fast as possible
  without doing an RPM install, who have some environmental
  prereqs properly in place -- working perl install with working
  CPAN module, System V init scripts, daemon installing in
  /usr/sbin/ -- should check out contrib/README.QUICKSTART. Also,
  the contrib/getfromcpan script contributed by Alexander Burke
  <alex@pdqsolutions.com> should make it enormously quicker and
  easier to package and install all the prerequisite Perl modules
  onto a Red Hat Linux system.

If you prefer pop-before-smtp to log via syslog, there's a commented-
  out setup for it in the pop-before-smtp-config.pl file.

Users of Microsoft Outlook Express 5.5 (and perhaps others as well),
  do not use Tools->Options->Send->"Send messages immediately", as
  it prevents Outlook Express from doing a POP or IMAP mailbox
  download before sending messages, and so will get relay denied.

END OF PLATFORM-SPECIFIC NOTES

This is a simple program for watching /var/log/maillog, looking for
successful logins via POP or IMAP, and maintaining a database that
Postfix can use to decide to let users who've recently logged in
have relay privs. I.e. the server can be set to block spammers, and
still allow legit users to relay through it even if they roam.

Everything is in the script and its config file, including the
documentation, the text of the init script, and the Postfix config
recommendation.

(The below text is copied from an email I sent someone, explaining
how to get this working. The perlmod2rpm script referenced is
included in this tarball, in the subdirectory contrib).

The prerequisites for this script are:

    File::Tail
    Time::HiRes (needed by File::Tail)
    Net::Netmask
    Date::Parse & Date::Format (from the TimeDate tarball on CPAN)

Once those are installed you should be able to run pop-before-smtp.
But you want it run at boot time, in the background, with the pid
logged so it can be killed and restarted easily, so in that case you
would start it and stop it with

    /etc/rc.d/init.d/pop-before-smtp start
    /etc/rc.d/init.d/pop-before-smtp stop

I believe when you installed the rpm it also ran "chkconfig
pop-before-smtp reset" in the postinstall script, so the links for
the various run-levels should all be in place to ensure that it
automatically starts on reboot.

So just install the prerequisite perl modules. I attach a script I
use for creating rpms from modules I download from CPAN, it may be
helpful. Perhaps, after you put this script somewhere, you can do
something like:

    % perl -MCPAN -e 'install Time::HiRes'
    % perl -MCPAN -e 'install File::Tail'
    % perl -MCPAN -e 'install Date::Parse'
    % perl -MCPAN -e 'install Net::Netmask'

(untested). A script to do all the fetching and create RPMs for the perl
modules is named contrib/getfromcpan, contributed by Alexander J. Burke
<alex@pdqsolutions.com>.

Or you can just download 'em, unpack each (remembering to do Time-HiRes
before File-Tail, since it depends on it), and for each one, cd into its
unpack directory and go:

	perl ./Makefile.PL && sudo make install

----- Note on the pop-before-smtp file-locking code -----

The default DB_File support in pop-before-smtp uses a simple type of
flocking that, while it has been shown to have a flaw, it still works
fine for us because the flaw does not affect us.  Here are the details:

Our code first ties the hash, and then uses the opened file handle to lock
the file.  The problem with this method is that the tie routine has already
read some data into the read-ahead buffer before the exclusive lock is
granted.  If there were multiple programs writing to the DB, this could
lead to database corruption (if the data in the first block were to change
in between the first read and the time we get our exclusive lock).  Since
pop-before-smtp is the only application updating the DB, the delayed flock
scenario can not cause corruption of the database, so we're safe.

As for the reader(s) of the DB, I've checked that Postfix does the proper
open, lock, _then_ read order of events, so it will not read any corrupt
data either.
